feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/6553a755879b131a445e664c.md

---
id: 6553a755879b131a445e664c
title: Step 41
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-41
---

# --description--

> Try to change your `text` variable into `Hello Zaira` and see what happens in the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try to assign the string `Hello Zaira` to your `text` variable and see what happens in the console.
```
